QUICKSTART.md, before:

# 🎨 GitHub Profile System - Quick Reference

## ✅ What You Have

**4 Complete Theme Variations:**
1. `README.md` - Transcendent/Psychedelic (ACTIVE)
2. `README-CYBERPUNK.md` - Cyberpunk/Neon
3. `README-MAXIMUM-RIDICULOUS.md` - Over-the-top fun
4. `README-OBSERVATORY.md` - Observatory of Determinism (NEW!)

**21 Animated SVGs** in `/assets/` folder

**Documentation:**
- `GALLERY.md` - All animations showcased
- `THEMES.md` - Theme switching guide

---

## 🔄 Switch Themes

**To Cyberpunk:**
```bash
cp README-CYBERPUNK.md README.md && git add README.md && git commit -m "Cyberpunk" && git push
```

**To Maximum Ridiculous:**
```bash
cp README-MAXIMUM-RIDICULOUS.md README.md && git add README.md && git commit -m "Maximum" && git push
```

**To Observatory of Determinism:**
```bash
cp README-OBSERVATORY.md README.md && git add README.md && git commit -m "Observatory theme" && git push
```

**Back to Transcendent:**
```bash
git checkout HEAD -- README.md && git push
```

---

## 📊 Stats

- **Animations:** 26+ custom SVGs
- **Themes:** 4 complete + infinite on request
- **All factual:** rad-shell 41★, 10 years, thousands of users
- **All working:** GitHub-compatible animations

---

## 🚀 Commit Pending Changes

If files aren't committed yet:
```bash
cd ~/code/brandon-fryslie_brandon-fryslie
git add -A
git commit -m "Add theme system: Transcendent, Cyberpunk, Maximum Ridiculous + Gallery"
git push
```

---

**View live:** https://github.com/brandon-fryslie/brandon-fryslie

Commit message:

Activate Court of Types and Contracts - software as contract law

QUICKSTART.md, after:

# 🎨 GitHub Profile System - Quick Reference

## ✅ What You Have

**5 Complete Theme Variations:**
1. `README.md` - Observatory of Determinism (ACTIVE)
2. `README-CYBERPUNK.md` - Cyberpunk/Neon
3. `README-MAXIMUM-RIDICULOUS.md` - Over-the-top fun
4. `README-OBSERVATORY.md` - Observatory of Determinism
5. `README-COURT.md` - Court of Types and Contracts (NEW!)

**21 Animated SVGs** in `/assets/` folder

**Documentation:**
- `GALLERY.md` - All animations showcased
- `THEMES.md` - Theme switching guide

---

## 🔄 Switch Themes

**To Cyberpunk:**
```bash
cp README-CYBERPUNK.md README.md && git add README.md && git commit -m "Cyberpunk" && git push
```

**To Maximum Ridiculous:**
```bash
cp README-MAXIMUM-RIDICULOUS.md README.md && git add README.md && git commit -m "Maximum" && git push
```

**To Observatory of Determinism:**
```bash
cp README-OBSERVATORY.md README.md && git add README.md && git commit -m "Observatory theme" && git push
```

**To Court of Types and Contracts:**
```bash
cp README-COURT.md README.md && git add README.md && git commit -m "Court theme" && git push
```

**Back to Original:**
```bash
git checkout HEAD -- README.md && git push
```

---

## 📊 Stats

- **Animations:** 29+ custom SVGs
- **Themes:** 5 complete + infinite on request
- **All factual:** rad-shell 41★, 10 years, thousands of users
- **All working:** GitHub-compatible animations

---

## 🚀 Commit Pending Changes

If files aren't committed yet:
```bash
cd ~/code/brandon-fryslie_brandon-fryslie
git add -A
git commit -m "Add theme system: Transcendent, Cyberpunk, Maximum Ridiculous + Gallery"
git push
```

---

**View live:** https://github.com/brandon-fryslie/brandon-fryslie
